folders always been a startup as a city
you know it's founded by miners that
really wanted to create their own
destiny and it's kind of grown up with
that same feel so folder started week is
our perfect entrepreneurial confidence
we have found a hundred and twenty
events over five days over 60 venues
just over 6,000 people attending an
event and it's free and open to the
public so the sponsors make a week
happen we're able to rent out venues
have quality food drinks have they're
just amazing experience Zeya was founded
about eight years ago in public and the
fall in 2014 and so we have about 1,800
employees globally and 600 of those are
in Colorado we operate three different
offices in Colorado at Boulder is our
headquarters so we have about 250 people
in our Boulder office so say oh is a
global bandwidth infrastructure if you
can name any large companies or search
engines they're probably a customer a
lot of thats fiber it's also mobile
infrastructure all kinds of good nerdy
stuff that makes bandwidth work the
breakfast kickoff which was the startup
stories with Dan Caruso that's the first
morning that was great dan is probably
most acquisitive CEOs everman were 35
companies and Counting and to be able to
have people ask about what does it mean
to integrate another company into into
yours what challenges are you facing now
that you weren't facing a few years ago
and to actually get a very real answer
and if you've been successful in any
space but for you know in the technology
space it just makes sense to give back
to that ecosystem to find out what is
next what's going to be the next
advancement because you don't know so
you want to play sort of a lot of Beth
and
invest in that invest in the ecosystem
of technology investment Yukos of
innovation and at the startups
especially in Colorado where it's such a
it's such a healthy you know give and
take system here you could you can call
up somebody in Colorado saying oh you
know I heard you just got a choir or
that you just got series a funding
that's so great I have some questions
and they will say no problem i'll meet
you know meet you a boxcar for coffee
that's that's the kind of place that
holder is and we want to so we want to
support that because we think it's
really important boulder startup week
helps Boulder thrive